here we go right this is me just getting
them up now to come out and play
so first of all the woman right around
me like a tree and then I'll put them
down
well eventually get bored with just
running around around me and I'll go
into the utility room or on the kitchen
and run and applying and play hello yes
yes so we'll just have some mommies a
treaty will be put meows that will you a
little bit more yeah well yeah well yeah
uh-huh
mommy's tree mommy's a tree now I did
this when I had the two which was fun
but I am assuming that it be slightly
more money when we multiply that by two
except we've got to clean chasey and to
just sit in my arms Hey yeah life is fun
money Oh squirrel what was that what was
that what kissy Kissy
yes I searched all would find the
highest neck - I hate high necks I hate
clothes being - instead searched all
over to find this highest neck t-shirt
because they're now the stage where the
scratch again I look at my arm and a
little white peeling skin and lots and
lots of scratches somebody's just
dismounted and his way onto the bench I
still got three you wait to explore are
you a way to explore so yes so um what
the more structure the t-shirts how
about that
I don't want away I want to make really
dressy was girls I don't want them the
pony
kicks out of them and I don't want to
end applause scratched which I already
am so there we go
manic squirrels you might be able to
hear pitter patter behind you at the one
who's running around on the bench
underneath the camera she's exploring
everything
now you see what happens when I shudder
when hats stop talking everybody stops
and listens when everything was did you
choose a Kendall everywhere
apart from this protein that we hear we
also get little whistles and little
pip-pip
yesterday morning when I got them out
one of the girls was on the back of my
leg and she did a warning
she drummed a warning stabbed her back
feet on my shoulder and picked which was
really cute in this morning as I lay in
bed listening to them I could hear lots
of little whistling noises going on like
you know let on extra bits of
communication so they're really starting
to kind of learn new sounds just
fascinate and don't little more like
squirrels now they're just like little
miniature squirrels all ideals are
fluffed up because it's like well just
come down here and we're not used to
this room yet so a little bit little bit
wary now it's a one two sided they're
going into the utility room so there's
one of you tells you there's one on the
bench grunts Chuck hey girl and the
other ones just going back and forth on
you to do room for somebody just
dismantled it to the frying pan and fall
oh come on
see I don't actually see them jumping up
now but they're all like right this is
just boring so now it's time to go and
explore somebody somebody's in need to
do and literally all they are doing is
just running back and forward back and
forward back and forward along the
length of the floor just practically and
I've got one who stayed with me yes
I'm no idea who it is can tell them
apart now and now that I'm not weighing
them every day I don't need to use nail
polish so I've no idea who was who apart
from the boy and then I have to kind of
look underneath to find out hey never go
you know you can do it yay there you go
that's a nice ending